basketball camp is next weekend
you got amazing potential on the court
and i can help you get there
it's not what i want dad you never let
me do what i want to do you never let me
just
do me hold up wrong floor
that will smith i gotta deal with this
what in the matrix hell
[Music]
welcome king james i am the king of this
domain
this is the server-verse what'd you do
to my son where's dom
the only way you're getting your son
back is if you and i play a little
basketball
pete send this clown to the rejects
[Applause]
what is this
i'm a cartoon what's up doc
i need to assemble an elite team to help
get my son back i know what you're
looking for
a dream team ma'am shoot the ball
let's try that again shall we
king james
[Music]
you gotta win this game let's end this
and get our son back
yikes
classic welcome to the space jam
[Music]
i'm going old school on his butt
whoa welcome to the space jam